DS-28 Paragraphs rework (#54)
YCloudYUSA/yusaopeny_docs: content/en/docs/user-documentation/content-types/activity-class-session/_index.md

---
title: Activity, Class, and Session

> description: Format data/content pulled from third parties, such as Daxko, Personify and ActiveNet, for display in YMCA Website Services. 

Author: ```suggestion
description: Format data from third parties (e.g. Daxko, Personify, or ActiveNet), for display in Activity Finder. 
```
